2009 09 09

Q: adb and alchemy sync? alchemy can't connect through adb
automatically, must do adb "kill-server" and "start-server" manually.

A: adb is of different version, the one started by alchemy is old,
while the one started on command line is new.

Q: Alchemy can't connect through adb again?

A: He has changed the connection port, this should not be changed
arbitrarily without expected connection problem.

Q: He asked for another phone for multi-device testing.

A: The additional phone will not solve his problem. He should finish
the coding first, confidently, then ask for the phone. I think he is
doing the programming by guessing, which should be strongly
discouraged.

Here's how to do guessing programming: I guess this will do, so let's
do it. Or, alternatively, a rookie programmer says to himself, hey, I
don't know what to do now, so I guess I'll do this. Or, hey, I don't
know how to do that, so I guess I'll do that like this and this...

Sometimes, a programmer need to fix a problem, a bug. He doesn't know
what is the root cause, and then he goes about it by changing code
here and there, in a seemingly random way. He changes something, then
build/deploy/test, and he sees it's not good, so he changes it back,
and changes something else, and repeat. This is a complete waste of
time, and even if he get things done, he owns it to pure luck and even
probably doesn't understand how and why the things are OK now. But in
most cases, he will found himself entrapped in a dead end.

So, please, never do things like that. Never ``guess''. You should
always know what you are doing, what you want to do. You should
sometimes think very hard to be like that. This way is the only way
that you can have confidence.

If you don't know what to do or how to do it, think! Don't guess! This
can't be emphasized enough.
